[IMP] TaxCloud: updated doc (#2558)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/accounting/taxation/taxes/taxcloud.rst

#. Click :guilabel:`Save` to store your credentials.
#. Click the :guilabel:`Refresh` icon next to :guilabel:`Default Category` to import the **TIC**
   product categories from TaxCloud *(Taxability Information Codes)*. Some categories may imply
   specific rates or attract product/service type exemptions.
#. Select your default **TIC Code**. This will apply to any new product created.
#. Set a specific TaxCloud **TIC Category** on the :guilabel:`General Information` tab of the
   Product, or on the Product Category.
#. Make sure your company address is complete (including the state and the zip code). Go to
   :menuselection:`Settings --> General Settings --> Companies` to open and edit your company
   record.

.. image:: taxcloud/taxcloud02.png
  :align: center
  :alt: Enter your TaxCloud credentials.

Automatically post taxes in the correct Tax Payable account
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* For each one of your companies that uses TaxCloud, it might be necessary to create a 
  **User-Defined Default** so that the new taxes generated by the TaxCloud integration are created 
  with the correct **Tax Payable** account:
  
.. warning::

>    A User-Defined Default impacts all records at creation.  It means that **every** new tax will be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A User-Defined Default impacts all records at creation.  It means that **every** new tax is
```

.. image:: taxcloud/user-default-find-account-id.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The account's ID can be found in the URL string as 'id=...'.

* Activate the :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`, then go to 
  :menuselection:`Settings App --> Technical --> Actions: User-Defined Defaults`, and click on
  :guilabel:`Create`.

* Click on :guilabel:`Field`, then, in the drop-down menu, on :guilabel:`Search More`.

.. image:: taxcloud/user-default-search-field.png
   :alt: Click on 'Search More' in the 'Field' drop-down menu. 
   :align: center

* In the pop-up search box, filter on the *model* `tax.repartition.line` and the *field* `account`.
  Select the line `tax.repartition.line`.

.. image:: taxcloud/user-default-select-field.png
   :alt: Select the 'account' field of the 'tax.repartition.line' model. 
   :align: center

* In the **Default Value (JSON format)** field, enter the ID of the company's Tax Payable account.
  Select the company for which this configuration should apply in the :guilabel:`Company` field.
  Click :guilabel:`Save`.

.. image:: taxcloud/user-default-enter-default-account-id.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enter the ID of the company's Tax Payable account.

> How it works

Reviewer: shouldn't we avoid title like "how to" ?

Author: I think "How to" titles are generally used to instruct the reader on specific steps to achieve a certain configuration, etc. In this case, it's the general functioning of TaxCloud, not "how to activate X feature". Imo, it can remain as is.

**Salestax** is calculated in Odoo based on :doc:`fiscal_positions`. A fiscal position for the
United States is created when installing *TaxCloud*.

You can configure Odoo to automatically detect to which customers the fiscal position should be
applied.  For that, go to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Fiscal Positions` to open
and edit the record.

.. image:: taxcloud/taxcloud03.png
  :align: center

Now, this fiscal position is automatically set on any sales order, web order, or invoice when the
customer country is *United States*. This triggers the automated tax computation.

.. image:: taxcloud/taxcloud04.png
  :align: center

Add your product(s). You have two options to get Sales Tax on the order.  You can confirm it, or you
can save it and click the :guilabel:`Update taxes` button next to :guilabel:`Add shipping`.

Coupons & Promotions
====================

If you use the **Coupon** or **Promotion Programs**, the integration with Taxcloud might seem a bit
odd.

The problem lies with the fact that Taxcloud does not accept lines with negative amounts as part of
the tax computation. This means that the amount of the lines added by the promotion program must be

> deduced from the total of the lines it impacts. This means, amongst other complications, that orders

Author: The line introduces the following paragraphs, it'd be weird to separate it from the information it introduces via a note or warning.

========================
Tax rates using TaxCloud
========================

The **TaxCloud** integration allows you to correctly calculate the sales tax for every address in
the United States and keeps track of which products are exempt from sales tax and in which states
each exemption applies. TaxCloud calculates sales tax in real-time for every state, city, and
special jurisdiction in the United States.

Configuration
=============

In TaxCloud
-----------
#. Create a free account on `TaxCloud <https://taxcloud.com/#register>`__ website.
#. Register your Odoo website on TaxCloud to get an **API ID** and an **API Key**.
#. In :guilabel:`Settings` on TaxCloud, click :guilabel:`Locations` to enter the location of your
   Office(s) and Warehouse(s).
#. In :guilabel:`Settings` on TaxCloud, click :guilabel:`Manage Tax States` to verify the states
   in which you collect sales tax.

.. image:: taxcloud/taxcloud01.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: TaxCloud account creation.

Reviewer: Should it be resized? The image is very big

Author: Fixed

In Odoo
-------
#. Go to :menuselection:`Accounting Dashboard --> Configuration --> Settings` and check

>    :guilabel:`TaxCloud - Compute tax rates based on U.S. ZIP codes` *(note: actually uses a complete
>    street adress)*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :guilabel:`TaxCloud
```

Reviewer: the box is TaxCloud, the grey text only provides further info on what it is, I wouldn't mention it

Author: Good point.

====================
TaxCloud integration
====================

TaxCloud calculates the sales tax rate in real time for every state, city, and special jurisdiction
in the United States. It keeps track of which products are exempt from sales tax and in which states
each exemption applies.

TaxCloud registration
=====================

Register an account on `TaxCloud.com <https://taxcloud.com/register>`_ and complete the setup.
Once you go live, get the :guilabel:`TaxCloud API Keys` by clicking on :guilabel:`Stores`, then
:guilabel:`Get Details`.

.. image:: taxcloud/taxcloud-api-keys.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Example of a store's TaxCloud API Keys

Enable TaxCloud
===============

#. Go to :menuselection:`Accounting Dashboard --> Configuration --> Settings` and in the
   :guilabel:`Taxes` section enable :guilabel:`TaxCloud`.
#. Add the store's :guilabel:`Login ID` under :guilabel:`API ID` and the store's :guilabel:`Key`
   under :guilabel:`API KEY`. Click on :guilabel:`Save`.
#. Click the :guilabel:`Refresh` button (:guilabel:`🗘`) next to :guilabel:`Default Category` to

>    import the :dfn:`TIC Taxability Information Codes` product categories from TaxCloud. Some

Reviewer 2: My bad, I didn't write my suggestion properly. The `dfn` markup applies styling on everything between the backticks.
```suggestion
   import the TIC :dfn:`Taxability Information Codes` product categories from TaxCloud. Some
```

>    import the :dfn:`TIC <Taxability Information Codes>` product categories from TaxCloud. Some

Reviewer 2: The `dfn` markup doesn't work the same way as other markups.
```suggestion
   import the :dfn:`TIC Taxability Information Codes` product categories from TaxCloud. Some
```
or
```suggestion
   import the :dfn:`TIC (Taxability Information Codes)` product categories from TaxCloud. Some
```

====================
TaxCloud integration
====================

> TaxCloud calculates the sales tax rate in real-time for every state, city, and special jurisdiction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TaxCloud calculates the sales tax rate in real time for every state, city, and special jurisdiction
```

in the United States. It keeps track of which products are exempt from sales tax and in which states
each exemption applies.

TaxCloud registration
=====================

Register an account on `TaxCloud.com <https://taxcloud.com/register>`_ and complete the setup.
Once you go live, get the :guilabel:`TaxCloud API Keys` by clicking on :guilabel:`Stores`, then

> :guilabel:`Get Details`.

Reviewer: I don't see "get details"

Reviewer 3: It's not shown on this screenshot. I show the resulting page where you find the API key.

.. image:: taxcloud/taxcloud-api-keys.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Example of a store's TaxCloud API Keys

Enable TaxCloud
===============

> #. Go to :menuselection:`Accounting Dashboard --> Configuration --> Settings` and enable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to :menuselection:`Accounting Dashboard --> Configuration --> Settings` and in the Taxes section, enable
```

   :guilabel:`TaxCloud`.
#. Add the store's :guilabel:`Login ID` under :guilabel:`API ID` and the store's :guilabel:`Key`
   under :guilabel:`API KEY`. Click on :guilabel:`Save`.
#. Click the :guilabel:`Refresh` button (:guilabel:`🗘`) next to :guilabel:`Default Category` to
   import the :dfn:`TIC <Taxability Information Codes>` product categories from TaxCloud. Some
   categories may imply specific tax rates or exemptions.
#. Select a :guilabel:`Default Category` and :guilabel:`Save`. The :guilabel:`Default Category` is
   applied when no :guilabel:`TaxCloud Category` is set on your products or product categories,
   or when no product is found on an order/invoice.

   .. image:: taxcloud/taxcloud-settings.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Filling in TaxCloud API Keys in Odoo

Set TaxCloud categories on products
===================================

If you need to use more than one TIC category (i.e., the :guilabel:`Default Category`), go to the
product's :guilabel:`General Information` tab and select a :guilabel:`TaxCloud Category`.

> If you want to configure multiple products simultaneously, make sure they share the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to configure multiple products simultaneously, ensure they share the same
```

.. note::
   To get the sales taxes on a sales order, confirm it or click the :guilabel:`Update Taxes` button
   next to :guilabel:`Add Shipping`.

Interaction with coupons and promotions
=======================================

If you use the **Coupon** or **Promotion Programs**, the integration with TaxCloud might behave
unexpectedly. Indeed, as TaxCloud does not accept lines with negative amounts as part of the tax
computation, the amount of the lines added by the promotion program must be deduced from the total
of the lines it impacts.

.. important::
   This means, amongst other complications, that orders using coupons or promotions with a TaxCloud
   fiscal position **must** be invoiced completely - you cannot create invoices for partial
   deliveries, etc.

Another specific oddity is possible. For example, you sell a product that you have a promotion
program in place that provides a 50% discount on a product. If the tax rate for this particular
product is 7%, the tax rate computed from the TaxCloud integration will display 3.5%. This happens
because the discount is included in the price sent to TaxCloud. However, in Odoo, the discount is on

> another line entirely. At the end of the day, your tax computation will be correct (since a 3.5% tax

Reviewer 3: I tried to shorten/simply the whole paragraph.
